README.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020 Diego Elio Pettenò

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
-->

# Neopixel Acrylic Lamp

WARNING: THIS PROJECT IS NOT WORKING.

This repository contains Eagle PCB designs and code to replace the board on some types of lamps that hold an acrylic shape.

## Further References

Refer to my [blog post](https://flameeyes.blog/2020/07/09/investigating-chinese-acrylic-lamps/) for details.

## License

Copyright 2020 Diego Elio Pettenò

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Introduce rev3 and remove non-functional d-board.
The d-shaped board never worked, remove it.

The new rev3 is not meant to replace the existing boards in the AliExpress bases but rather includes its own 3D-printed base.

README.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020 Diego Elio Pettenò

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
-->

# Neopixel Acrylic Lamp

This repository contains Eagle PCB dsigns and 3D objects to build a lamp hosting an acrylic
cutout, similar to the many "3D effect" lamps that you can buy on most online stores by now.

Please note that while rev3 boards appear to be working, the 3D objects are still untested
and the design is still up in the air.

## Further References

Refer to my [blog post](https://flameeyes.blog/2020/07/09/investigating-chinese-acrylic-lamps/) for
details.

## License

Copyright 2020 Diego Elio Pettenò

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
